And will Miss Liu Qingxue
Listed as the first strategic partner
Indefinite cooperation
Oh, my God.
10 billion Tenglong District is really a big deal
This 10 billion
Just a paradise
What's really awesome is the permanent partner column
But there are clear snakes here
one step to the sky
He has directly become a giant of the Dragon Kingdom industry
I really don't know what's behind this woman
How can Tenglong Group be so backwards?
I'm afraid that's all I can do for Mrs. Jun
Okay, don't be too surprised
Thank you Murong, you're welcome.
A mere ten thousand
Dare to bump into Mr. Xiao and Miss Liu
It's unforgivable
From now on
Wanjia is included in Rongguo's commercial blacklist
asset freeze
deportation
Ahhh no
This has nothing to do with me.
230,000 zero
Will you spare me?
Spare you, it's small for you to tamper with my resolution
But it collided with Xiao
Mr. and Miss Liu are the big deal
A hundred lives is not enough for you to go around
From now on
You don't have to be the manager of the Yuncheng branch.
Break their hands and feet
How far is it?
No, hey, Principal Wang
Principal Wang, I know I was wrong about you.
Leave me alone
A little interlude
Don't mind
Now I declare
This Tenglong Group Bidding Conference
The final bidder was Miss Liu Qingxue
Xiao Chen, I'm not dreaming, am I?
Is that true?
Of course it's true.
You have suffered too much over the years
God can't watch it anymore
Finally come through